doc:Rust-to-LLGO-Migration-Guide.md (#557)
goplus/llgo: doc/Rust-to-LLGO-Migration-Guide.md

# Rust to LLGO Migration Document

> ### Add Dependencies & Build Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add Dependencies & Build Configuration
```

Pay attention to the Markdown heading levels, including the ones below.

Edit `Cargo.toml` to include necessary dependencies and configuration:

```toml
[dependencies]
libc = "0.2"
csv = "1.1"

[lib]
crate-type = ["cdylib"] # The generated dynamic library will conform to the C standard

[build-dependencies]
cbindgen = "0.26.0"
```

### Import C Language Types

Use types from the libc package for interoperability with C:

```rust
use libc::{c_int, c_char, strlen};
```

### Function Decoration and Attributes

To ensure that Rust functions can be correctly called by C and LLGO, use the following decorators:

- `#[no_mangle]` prevents the compiler from mangling the function name.
- `unsafe` is used to mark operations that are unsafe, especially when dealing with raw pointers.
- `extern "C"` specifies the use of C calling conventions.

```rust
pub fn add_numbers(a: i32, b: i32) -> i32 {
    a + b
}
```

After packaging:

```rust
#[no_mangle]
pub unsafe extern "C" fn add_numbers_c(a: i32, b: i32) -> i32 {
    add_numbers(a, b)
}
```

### Memory Management

Use `Box` to manage dynamic memory to ensure correct memory release between Rust and C:

```rust
let config = Config::new();
```

After packaging:

```rust

> pub unsafe extern "C" fn sled_create_config() -> \*mut Config {
> Box::into_raw(Box::new(Config::new()))
> }
> 
> #[no_mangle]
> pub unsafe extern "C" fn sled_free_config(config: \*mut Config) {
> drop(Box::from_raw(config));
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pub unsafe extern "C" fn sled_create_config() -> \*mut Config {
    Box::into_raw(Box::new(Config::new()))
}

#[no_mangle]
pub unsafe extern "C" fn sled_free_config(config: \*mut Config) {
    drop(Box::from_raw(config));
}
```

Make sure that the code within the code blocks is always formatted.

            Err(_) => ptr::null(),
        },
        _ => ptr::null(),
    }
}

// Free the memory allocated for a C string returned by other functions.
#[no_mangle]
pub extern "C" fn free_string(s: *mut c_char) {
    if s.is_null() {
        return;
    }
    unsafe {
        let c_string = CString::from_raw(s);
        std::mem::drop(c_string);
    }
}
```

### Generate Header File

Edit `cbindgen.toml` to configure the header file generation rules:

```toml
# See https://github.com/mozilla/cbindgen/blob/master/docs.md#cbindgentoml for
# a list of possible configuration values.
language = "C"
```

Use cbindgen to generate a C header file, automating this process through a `build.rs` script:

```rust
fn main() {
    let config = cbindgen::Config::from_file("cbindgen.toml").expect("Config file not found.");
    cbindgen::generate_with_config(&crate_dir, config).unwrap().write_to_file("target/include/csv_wrapper.h");
}
```

### Compilation and Installation

Build the dynamic library:

```sh
cargo build --release
```

### Install dylib-installer

Install the [dylib-installer](https://github.com/hackerchai/dylib-installer) tool, which is used to install dynamic libraries:

> ```SH

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```

Language identifier for code blocks should always be in lowercase.

```go
type Reader struct {
	Unused [0]byte
}

// type Reader struct {
//    Unused [8]byte
// }
```

If we want to calculate the size of this structure, we can use the following C code:

```C
printf("%d\n", sizeof(csv_reader));
```

- Ordinary functions

Ordinary functions can be mapped in the form of `//go:linkname`.

```C
csv_reader *csv_reader_new(const char *file_path);
```

After mapping:

```go
//go:linkname NewReader C.csv_reader_new
func NewReader(file_path *c.Char) *Reader
```

- Method

Methods need to be mapped in the form of `// llgo:link (*Receiver)`.

```C
void csv_reader_free(csv_reader *reader);

const char *csv_reader_read_record(csv_reader *reader);
```

After mapping:

We can extract the first parameter as Receiver:

```go
// llgo:link (*Reader).Free C.csv_reader_free
func (reader *Reader) Free() {}

// llgo:link (*Reader).ReadRecord C.csv_reader_read_record
func (reader *Reader) ReadRecord() *c.Char { return nil }
```

- Function pointer

> If you use a function pointer, that is, declare the function as a type separately, you need to use `// llgo:type C`to declare it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use a function pointer, that is, declare the function as a type separately, you need to use `// llgo:type C` to declare it.
```

```c
typedef size_t (*hyper_io_read_callback)(void*, struct hyper_context*, uint8_t*, size_t);

void hyper_io_set_read(struct hyper_io *io, hyper_io_read_callback func);
```

After mapping:

```go
// llgo:type C
type IoReadCallback func(c.Pointer, *Context, *uint8, uintptr) uintptr

// llgo:link (*Io).SetRead C.hyper_io_set_read
func (io *Io) SetRead(callback IoReadCallback) {}
```

Or declare the function directly in the parameter.

```go
// llgo:link (*Io).SetRead C.hyper_io_set_read
func (io *Io) SetRead(ioSetReadCb func(c.Pointer, *Context, *uint8, uintptr) uintptr) {}
```

### Writing Examples and README

Finally, provide example code and a detailed README file to help users understand how to use the generated library.

### Example Code

> You can find the migrated instance from [llgoexamples](https://github.com/goplus/llgoexamples), in the lib directory is the migrated Rust library, and in the rust directory, the migrated mapping file and go demo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the migrated examples in the [llgoexamples](https://github.com/goplus/llgoexamples). The migrated Rust libraries are in the `lib` directory, and the migrated mapping files and Go demos are in the `rust` directory.
```

Reviewer: English grammar mistakes are fine, but make sure to utilize inline code and proper capitalization. These are basic requirements.
